feat(HTTP): Refresh 3XX response pages (#35353)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/302/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`302 Found`** [redirection response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#redirection_messages) status code indicates that the requested resource has been temporarily moved to the URL in the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header.

> A browser redirects automatically to the new page, but the ranking value in search engines (colloquially named "link juice" in {{Glossary("SEO")}} terms) is **not sent** to the new URL.

Reviewer: See my comment above about links https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35353/files#r1719138644

I don't _think_ browsers send anything to SEO which is what this implies. This should be something like

```suggestion
A browser receiving this status will automatically request the resource at the URL in the `Location` header, redirecting the user to the new page.
Search engines receiving this response will continue to attribute any links to the original URL to the original resource, contributing to its SEO search ranking.
```

Author: "I don't think browsers send anything to SEO"

Oh I see what you mean; splitting this into two sentences is a better way to clarify :)
